[ENH] Sticky sync tabs and URL param (#104)
executablebooks/sphinx-design: docs/tabs.md

class-content
: Additional CSS classes for the content element.

## Synchronised tab options

### URL parameter

By default, the URL does not indicate the tab that you selected.
To include the tab as a URL parameter, add a setting like the following example in your `conf.py` file:

```python

> sphinx_design_sync_tabs_url_param = "tab"

Reviewer: What's the benefit of making this configurable? My general preference is to keep our configuration surface area as small as possible unless somebody explicitly asks for extra functionality. E.g., just force the url param to be something like `sd-last-tab`

Author: The benefit of making it configurable is that the URL is customer-facing.  The two common parameters are `code` and `tab`.  My thinking is that the tabs don't always show `code`, so that felt wrong to hard-code.  If you really want it baked in, my preference is `tab` and I can revise it so.

Reviewer: my general inclination is always to start with the simplest-humanly-possible configuration/implementation, and only complexify once there's clear demand for it, in order to minimize our maintenance burden and the likelihood of deprecations, given that these projects all have pretty limited ongoing maintenance time.

So I'd suggest we ask this question: how important do you think it is to be able to configure the URL param? If >20% of users would want to configure it, let's add it here. If <20% would, then let's keep it simple and see if people request this in the future.

Author: After revising, I forgot one more reason for making the URL search param configurable.  If the end user *does not* set it, then the URL is not set with a search param after clicking a tab (though stickiness still works because local storage is set).  Originally, I thought this was a decent compromise for backward compatibility since the current release doesn't set a URL search param.

```

With a setting like the preceding example, after you browse to a URL like `https://www.example.com/project-A/index.html` and select a tab that you configured with the `sync` option of `python`, the URL changes to `https://www.example.com/project-A/index.html?tab=python`.

> ### Local storage key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Save tab state across visits with a storage key
```

Author: np, thanks.

Synchronised tabs and tabbed code examples store the value of the `sync` option in browser local storage so that a return visit to a page opens the most-recently viewed tab.

> The storage applies to a single domain, such as `https://www.example.com`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This applies to all pages in a single domain, such as `https://www.example.com`.
```

Author: Unless you feel strongly, my preference is to restate the noun with "The storage" and I'm glad to add the "all pages in..."  The "all pages" adds a lot of clarify in very few words.

Reviewer: yep that works for me!

As a result, two projects on the same domain can interfere with each other.

> To use project-specific storage, add a setting like the following example in your `conf.py` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use project-specific storage (e.g., if your site lives at `https://www.example.com/proj-a/`), add a setting like the following example in your `conf.py` file:
```

Author: Any strong objection to `s/for example/e.g./`?   Somebody'll clip a corner on my tech writer card if I willingly type a Latinism.

Reviewer: I am happy with whatever you prefer
